fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/Features/CacheManager/IpCache.md

```
## FAQ about this report

> ###  i the difference between a hit, a negative hit and a miss?

Reviewer: manual typo?
```suggestion
###  What is the difference between a hit, a negative hit and a miss?
```
